Ahoy there, me dear matey! Me apologies fer this here fax takin' so long to reach ye. I tried t' send it in a glass bottle, but th' seas turned against me! At long last, I got me hands on a fax machine, and can finally share me thoughts with ye. . . . . . . though me thoughts be empty . . . or filled with dismissed o'erthinkin' thoughts . . . . What I be wantin' t' say, in simple terms, be that I'm incredibly grateful t' have ye by me side in this pirate's life. I be glad we can communicate, and even if it be a bit rocky, we can still be there fer each other and figure it out and improve our seafarers' bond. Thanks fer givin' me yer shoulder t' cry on durin' all th' unexpected times, and fer bein' available and up fer callin' at random moments. It be grand not only durin' those rough times and as a shoulder t' cry on, but also fer just hangin' out and vibin' and chillin'. Deeper talks or support ain't always necessary, just callin' and ye playin' Zelda and me doin' whatever stuff and holdin' a weird conversation be always grand too. It be great that hangin' out don't have t' be serious or non-serious, it can be either, or anythin' in between. Ye've shown me what friendship means, somethin' I be immeasurably grateful fer. Yer commitment and loyalty has pushed me t' become a better person and that it be reasonable t' expect a certain baseline from others. I hope that we'll get t' spend a bunch more time in the future (especially excited fer this summer :3). Thank ye fer bein' there fer me and bearin' with me through all th' chaos <3 And beyond that, somethin' perhaps more meaningful, thank ye fer simply bein' there and hangin' out and spendin' jolly time together. I be tempted t' apologize fer a bunch o' stuff, but I trust that ye know that I be tryin' and so I'd rather simply work on 'em. And uhhh, merry Christmas? Or happy birthday? Or maybe just happy days? Thank ye fer bein' me matey <3 And thank yer parents fer ye bein' born now and not some civilizations ago when natural selection may have gotten t' ye.